ROASTER.PL

GOAL OF THE SCRIPT :-
	To generate and validate a shift calendar for the following purposes.
	i) Employees can view their shift plans.
	ii) Employees can also ask for a leave according to their plans.
	iii) The appropriate authority can validate if the leave can be granted at the said date and if yes grant so.
	

USE CASES :-
	CLI for planner.
	Basic commands:
	 -c, --nocolor		no color in display
		This option will display the shift calendar without using any distinguishing colours.
		You will get the calendar in the B&W mode.
		By default the calendar will be providing you the colours.

	 -d, --display          toggle display , 1(weekly)(default) or 2(monthly)
		This option mandatory requires you to passed a numeric arguement limited by 1 or 2.
		Arguement "1" provides us the weekly calendar. You will get the calendar week wise from the starting date to ending date you specified.
		Arguement "1" is default.

		Arguement "2" provides us the monthly calendar vertically providing the calendar from the starting date to the ending date specified by you.
 
	 -s, --start="STRING"	start date 
		This option is used to provide the start date from which you wants to display the calendar.
		By default it will took today's date as the start date and it must be earlier than the end date.

	 -e, --end		end date
		This option is used to provide the end date till which the calendar is to be displayed.
		By default it will take the sunday from the start date as the end date.
		It must be later than the start date.

	 -f, --filename  	having an employee file with single name at each line
		This option is used for mapping the employee names with the particular columns or rows accordingly so as to display the calendar.

	 -h, --help 		display this help and exit
		This option will generate the help describing all the options provided for the planner and how they all are to be used.

	 -l, --leave 		assign leaves , cannot be used with -s and -e
		This option is used

	 -n, --number 		number of employees , compulsary required
		This is the mandatory option which is used to specify the number of employees for which the calendar is to be generated.

	 -o, --names 		names of employees on command line

Technology Used: 1) Script is written in perl.
                 2) MySql is used for database.

Procedure :  


SALIENT FEATURES :-
	Apart from the basic functionalities  the script contains  some other  functionalties:

	1) The User is provided with two different views  to view the calendar. He can do so by providing the appropriate option.
 
        2) Map can be viewed  with colours or without colours.
	
